Viceroy is an artificially intelligent reader-view broswer extension. Its primary focus is to eliminate the clutter of web pages and news articles of ads, popups, and other non-essential text or items on the page that take the reader's attention away from the main article or story. The UI should be clean, and elegant; with a soft white/beige cream-colored background, and firm font, but not bold. 

Retaining images present in the web page that are relevant to the content of the story are acceptable. In the app's settings page, a user can choose whether or not to include images in their personalized reader view when it render. It has a setting that allows the user to choose whether or not reader view automatically activates, and re-renders the web page in reader-view mode, or whether they wish to activate reader view by clicking on the extension's icon.

Viceroy uses a large language model, such as BART, Llama-2, or another suitable model to summarize, and categorize the article or web page's content for bias. This bias can be political in nature, social, or any other form of bias that is describable by the model. Once Viceroy has identified the bias, it will report that bias to the user in the interface. If a user wishes, Viceroy will rewrite the article without bias, and only give the reader the relevant facts and inherent meaning of the article.

Viceroy must be able to run efficiently, with as little hit to the user's system resources as possible when analyzing and rendering a web page or news article. It should use Javascript as the language of choice for its browser extension, and for scraping the each site's HTML.